 white horse near avebury
 Caurosel horse with Eiffel tower in background
 A beautiful antique mechanical horse, stored in a warehouse / recital building
 Katakolon is a bit of a one horse town and here he is - resplendent  in a straw hat
 in silence - white horse in the field - serie 2
 Desiree and Frederick in the horse ranch sporting Ecliptica (her) and Chacha boy with Aid to Artisan necklace (him)
 At Derby Castle terminus, near the horse car shed.
 these are horse jumps in the field we walk through
 Hard point of rock in the river below Hungry Horse dam, MT.
 A park in Santa Rosa. Howarth I think. You can ride a train or a horse or rent a boat.
 My Dad in the cart and the horse field behind him on 15 fairway
 samurai and horse in water
 There's a horse pasture in Ridley Creek State Park, Pennsylvania. This is where I took this photo.
 we found a horse, a camel, and a chicken in this cloud
 Beads and horse shit in the road
 The Sun sets in a cloudless sky behind the horse ranch off Little Tujunga.
 Empty hay bags on a fence in the horse field near our house.
 She looks like a horse jumping over a pole.
 A horse in the field
 Horse in pasture flicking his tail.I tried to capture the horse clearly yet blur the tail movement.
 The produce team took a horse drawn wagon ride around the field
 horse pasture in spring
 horse in window
 This horse liked to nudge his head against anyone standing nearby, after he was done with riding.
 Bumble Bee - water and sand under boat - bought 1953, 25 horse Johnson Sea Horse
 That may be his name. He was rocking it out the back of a horse box van in a field.
 horse rolling in grass
 Auctioning Isham, Buffalo Bill Cody's famous white horse in Denver, 1913
 Black horse in the landscape. No cherry tree though ... Hah KT
 bright and shiny in the morning on the horse carriage
 pack horse bridge over the river aire at calverley, west yorkshire, england
 coach and horses pub in great marlborough street behind oxford street
 horse in front of spanish-style house
 Dad came within 1 foot or hitting this horse in the face with the van. Twice.
 Indio the horse in his field
 Here is a little girl who passed me on a horse near Bandungan.
 I think a horse jumped off this very boat in 'The Ring'
 A red horse runs in an open pasture. Motion blur with slow shutter speed.
 My daughter loves to feed the horses fresh green grass beside our garden.
 black horse in misty valley
 Horse pastures. The horse barn is in the center of the picture. The house is back by the trees.
 New forest horse in the early morning mist.
 pops crossing bear creek in bob marshall on horse
 A very windy walk along up to the white horse at uffington and around the hill fort.
 Entire team standing with a horse (75 pts +50 pts if rider is in photo)
 a lovely spotted horse in berkshire mountainsmassachusetts.  2010
 horse out in the water
 This is a clear symbol of horse repression.Truly a shameful time in our nation's history.
 Nashville Wild Horse Saloon horse getting shoed by HO person
 City Park's flying horses, a wooden carousel dating back to 1906, created by carousel carvers Looff and Carmel.
 Patched horse in patched field
 A horse and carriage and a motorcycle on the field....only in the DR!
 riding a horse on a beach in a dress!
 10' high iron horse on a street in Calgary, ingeniously welded from farm implements.
 Malaysia Palace ,the handsome horse loves my cakes in bag
 horse and tree in the field
 horse in pasture across from house
 remains of an old mill in a horse pasture
 in oceanside, yes, a vendor on the street with a horse for a ride; and tamales and produce too
 This horse lives in the field behind my house. I quite like his new winter outfit. Looks cosy :)
 A local lad taking a break from riding his horse along Mancora beach in the north of Peru
 red horse in Holland
 Horse in yellow field
 We had a horse staying in our pasture this summer. An affable old guy he was.
 A horse feeding in a green pasture.
 a horse running along  beside the road
 Desiree and Frederick in the horse ranch sporting Ecliptica (her) and Chacha boy with Aid to Artisan necklace (him)
 white horse in a black background
 police horse attacked by bird
 Monkeys up in the tree as seen from our river cruise along the Belize River. 
 the little monkey who lives in the flower
 The little monkey dog digging for vermin down by the bay.
 enjoying a class of wine and chocolate cake at java monkey in decatur
 monkey house in copenhagen zoo
 zaza's treasure box: felt trinket box by Haba full of tulle, blue Barrel of Monkeys, masks...)
 A vervet monkey upon a tree (Shamwari Private Game Reserve - Eastern Cape).
 Little monkey in the king size bed
 Day 175 / 365 : With my temperature running a little hot, monkey medical was called in for support...
 Monkey looking for fruit in our car
 I was surprised to see this monkey in the window of the RV across the road from us.
 A monkey sculpture hanging above the fake river
 green monkey in tree at golf course1
 sock monkey sitting near a sign
 monkey forest in Ubud
 sock monkey in a tree
 monkey in the sky
 River was in a good mood after his nap and wanted to have his monkey and tiger at the lunch table!
 Monkey, sitting in front of my door
 monkey in forest
 A tour boat glides up river in search of monkeys.
 Monkey near beach house
 A wild Thomas leaf monkey having a nice life in the rain forest in Sumatra
 fruit farm monkey friend in malaysia - july 29,2007
 obama cupcakes by flying monkey
 Monkey sitting in my chair
 That's a monkey in front.  I think they bring it to the bar each monday.
 I finally saw a monkey in a tree
 alone in a tree like a monkey
 binky the cheeky little monkey weirdo in the apple tree
 acting like a monkey in her car seat
 A mysterious stone monkey who is slowly being overtaken by the forest of Ginzan, Yamagata
 Found monkey in a small tree on Irving Street, promptly named David Hockney, Sunday, 11-15-09
 alone in kyoto and a monkey sitting in the clouds
 This monkey lived in a tree next to our guest house in downtown KL
 white face monkey in Cabo Blanco
 Squirrel monkey photo taken in the yard of the house we rented in Matapalo, Osa Pennisula, Costa Rica, 2008
 Every girl needs a swing in the front yard and a monkey for a friend.
 Monkeys in the monkey forest
 Nothing discrete about a man in a monkey mask holding a large paper bag to his face.
 geen monkey and piko in the pink
 Felix in his uber cute argyle cat sweater.  Too bad he HATED it...with a passion.
 A very surly looking black cat in a very hot Italian village.
 She's just chilling in her Halloween outfit (complete with black cat hat)...
 cat in the hat - reunion
 A cat drinking from a puddle near my house
 awesome black cat we met in red hook
 cat in box
 I had dinner in a restaurant on the Tel Aviv beach Promenade, and a cat wandered in and made himself at home.
 made with an editing program. Little red riding cat is played by Lucy and grandmother/wolf is played by Jerry
 dog and cat in tel aviv jews side
 Neon orange mini oil spill caused by cat not BP
 Monty the cat keeping warm in the curtains in small office computer room
 Ken in the felted cat bed
 this is ms. allsten's (a really old black lady that lives below stephen) cat
 Lesson 6-Zooey in his cat bed
 There is a black cat in my back yard
 Jenny in cat bed
 Boy relaxing in the most comfortable cat bed ever.
 cute cat in a pottery town, Tokoname.
 cats love the sunlight, Stanley was half sleeping in the bike room which is a sun room too. 
 Our neighbors cat trying to get close to the birds in the tree
 This cat stared me down in an old west style sidewalk shoot out.
 cat in hat
 A cat by the tile stove and Final Fantasy XII on the screen
 a fussy grey cat who likes to sit in her basket
 cat in laundry basket on top of open wash machine the basket is starting to fall in with him
 cat by my window
 dog in a cat bed!
 Staring off down the hill because one of the other squirrels was up in a tree yelling at the feral cat.
 cat in a box
 Loki and Freya just playing around on the cat tree the other day
 a cat by a river
 Kitty cat sketch in ink &amp;amp; water colour
 Cat over rock wall
 Halloween cats pumpkin jack o'lantern sitting in window
 How to find a cat under the table using a camera flash:
 A canvas bag decorated with a beautiful picture of a cat on a glow in the dark wall
 a cute cat that lived within the cobblestone town.
 Our lounge area in thailand. swarmed with lizards and alley cat fights.
 My cat on a cabinet next to the phone and lamp. Bored with life and not interested in the moth.
 yeah, that really is a goose on the roof...not to be confused with a cat in the hat
 He loves the Whiskas cat bed ever since I placed it in front of the window..
 Backup cat decided the best place to nap today was under Mark's office chair.
 The spare bed is the cat bed when the spring sunshine floods in the window
 This white cat doesn't leave this banyan tree. It even cradles the cat in its roots.
 the cat in the hat
 I just had to take a picture of this cute cat napping in the shade.so free of worries and lazy
 imagine this cat swinging 300 ft above the ground hanging from his ankles!
 a cat and some melons in a market in mumbai
 No other cat uses this spot.This window is in Greenwood, Seattle March 7th.  2008
 cat in a box
 Orange cat by an orange night
 weird repaeated cat in the hat graffitti that is dotted around leeds city centre, this one's near the train station
 cross eyed cat that lived under the house
 The cute old cat that lives in my closet.She likes hanging out with my shoes.
 cat in a window frame
 My cat loves sleeping under the blanket whether the sheets are being changed or not.
 Photo taken through the window of a bus.  A street cat perched on a wall in Instanbul.
 My little cat in a bathtub
 someone dropped a red sock in with the cat in the wash again.
 terry cat in the hat
 the cat under the tree
 that cat slept in mike's bed every night!
 ant's cat in ant's kitchen window, chicago il
 animal cruelty-dead cats in a bag
 White snow cat resting in the branch. Looks like he is watching my bird feeders.
 a lovely cat who lives around our house 
 weird extra bedroom that smelled like cat and death. also, bikes in the bedroom. cause, yeah.
 I caught my cat in her new favorite bed. the pull-ups box under the side table..what a weirdo!3-5-08day 86
 Frappy was very happy in the bed inside the cat carrier, ready to go to her new life at her forever home!
 The house cat in Dubrovnik, napping after gorging himself on our breakfast
 Piano house guarded by a cat
 around the back of this building is where i met the cat who is now known as herman. 
 The cat hanging out in a tree
 A tired cat as seen on a uncovered bazaar in Istanbul, Turkey.Lomo LC-AAgfa CT Precisa 100 cross processed
 Ceiling cat watches over me at my desk
 It takes a picture of the cat on the tree in the friend house. 
 Natasha in the cat tree
 Ian spots cat in shop window in Lamb's Conduit Street
 cat in box
 cat pedestal by sewing machine
 Freya on high upon the cat tree
 The cat knows when Mary is going to wash her face and sits in the sink waiting for her
 A cute cat in St. George's.
 The road falls away in a cool way behind the cat
 A cat under the roof
 my cat Vera... she is living in my university town and sometimes jumps through the window to see me.
 River and Zoe sleeping in their cat wheel
 My cat muffin climbing a tree in my backyard.... He's too fat to do this now.
 lazy cat in cozy bed
 Cat looking for fish under the bridge
 Feral cat at work (the black thing out near the treeline).
 a chair bouncing over a cat
 winter cat on orange cuisson in front of chimney at work, -hard work
 My cousin's cat sitting on a bench in the backyard.
 I have never seen a cat drink this way. But she cupped the water in her paws and drank. 
 Laptop sleeve by day, cat bed by night
 one of the few cats i saw here.  i think the massive dog population kept the cat population under control.  
 Gordon Brown in bed with a fat cat outside the Bank of England
 Bobby cat shades under the tree by old tui's final resting place.
 The Cat sitting under the chair
 This cat hangs around near my bedroom window and random climbs in when i'm not looking...grrr....fight you cat!!!
 Usa, south carolina, near charleston, magnolia plantation and gardens, plantation house, black cat
 cat grass have a teleportation in places:)
 me as a cat dressed in a cow suit.
 cat in the box
 Jons mams cats in her bedroom window
 An old woman sitting at her desk petting a cat. Photo by John Tarr.
 george harrison is a small cat in a blue car.
 This girl was feeding one of the cats of the hill in Ottawa
  my cat in the washing machine
 The old cat Tijger on holiday in my house
 The best little orange cat in the word!
 the house cat of a castle in france
 It's my cat in a box
 Now Minta agrees it is only a 2 cat basket and lays beside it after stepping in.
 The cat in a hat
 Tessie likes sleeping on her new cat tree in front of the window.  
 more cat in a bag
 My cat in the christmas box
 Who new fish flavoured cat bics would be in the shape if little tiny hearts! 
 The beach in Sequim, Washington. Someone on the beach, looking for rocks, brought their cat along.
 Redwood tree in the cat tails.
 There is a cat sitting on the top of the dune looking out over the ocean 1
 This cat lives at the museum, and he apparently had a column in the local paper for awhile.
 Jewry just found out about CapitalistRight not being able to smell cat poop in his bed frame.
 2008.12.06 - comet in heated cat bed 001
 Homer sure does love sitting in the sunlight. Sometimes I think he's a cat trapped in a beagle's body. 
 cat in a flower box
 cat in a box
 jointly purchased by us and Southside.  Large multi-level cat tower for the PetSmart adoption center.
 A cat in the grass
 Vicky's cat Dusty being used as a pillow by guest Siberian Husky (and former cat-killer) Bazz.
 Loki (my grey cat) playing under an Apron at the kitchen table
 This cat watched me while I attempted to take the words above the door - and it took several goes! 
 Looking out the patio door at Cat, who is at the water dish on the patio. Taken by Edgar.
 My Husband-to-be, my Maid-of-Honor, my dog and my cat kickin' it in my bed!
 Students &amp;amp; community came together to build dog &amp;amp; cat houses for pets in need in the local area.
 cat in rock
 Rina cat feeding her kittens in my bedroom
 The office cat in Paoua
 cat paws in the pavement 122509 025
 This monument to Dr. Johnson's cat is right in front of his house. --London, England --IMG_6030
 Rufus in the new cat tree that will stay at his grandparents' house for when he visits.
 i found this cute cat staring longingly out the window at pigeons on 20th street near atlas cafe.
 cat in bag
 cat under snow boat
 Bastian, the cat who's in the house I'm sitting in Bondi. He's a fattyboomsticks.
 cat in the hat
 This was a funny mising cat sign outside Top Pot in Capitol Hill
 My other cat sleeping in the sunlight
 cat in the window
 my neighbors cat in the window
 cat in the window
 leaf lettuce in the window with the protective cat screen shadow
 Objects in cat street
 Step Two - Put your cat in the bag
 Cat sleeping in a venetian book shop
 Sygma-Keystone-Paris 1989. Postcard I received in 1992. It just doesn't seem right that a cat is pushing a dog :-)
 Zooming in on one of the towers at the cat house Riga.
 cat asleep in the tree
 human: 'so big this cat is..&amp;quot;cat: &amp;quot;look in the mirror dude&amp;quot;
 our entry in the window dressing competition...complete with pirate bunnies by plastic cat designs!!
 Back Alley Wandering:  cat in window 2471
 This cat has taken over the bird table !
 This cat followed us around the Kurima-jima lookout and then jumped in Julia's car when we tried to leave.
 Cat in the fish bowl
 Ronja and Cleo in the cat tree
 cat in a window
 sleeping cat in Salakeawko
 How much is that cat in the window
 Someone's cat sitting in a pub.
 Female cat sitting by the bakery in 7th District, Victory City. She's watching her kids play and eat grass.
 fluff the cat under the christmas tree d80 nikkor 70-200 vr
 A cat under my car
 cat in bag
 A Barn cat sitting at a window in SepiaAvailable on Etsy - rbrosseau
 Black and white shots of my black cat freya hanging out by the window.
 My mad cat went through a phase of choosing to sleep in the kitchen sink!
 My cat Charlie loves looking in the mirror
 Shot a car meet at Eibach HQ this weekend.  Found this cat in the bushes.
 There's a piece of rock under there that looks like part of a cat sitting.
 George made an &amp;quot;Alice in Wonderland&amp;quot; inspired cat door today
 Twat in a hat who loves his cat
 Put cat door in the bi-fold doors for laundry room.
 Great Grandmas chair with her cat and black dog in it. 
 you put your cat in a box
 A cat snoozes in a shopfront near a spirit house shrine.
 cat in bag with feather toy
 my cat babby in a bag
 little cat in the mirror
 black cat in the dark
 the cat in the box
 its a cat in a box
 This little guy keeps sneaking into the screened in porch and eating the cat food.    Disgusting animals
 cat in a window
 I'm not much of an animal person, but this is the coolest cat in the world.
 a cat in the window
 cat in a tree
 cat in a box
 cat in the hat cake
 Some of the local street cats posed for me in the road
 The cat is hand painted on cotton, a border was applied, followed by machine free-motion quilting.Private Collection
 cats in their bed (7) white heart
 A cat in a bowl in Rio.
 Beautiful Lady in rocking chair holding up cat Violet face to face
 cat in sink
 cat in the hat
 cat in a box
 cat tooth mountain in the back
 by cat rock newport bay
 Un gatto in una vetrina a Szetendre, Ungheria.A sleeping cat in a shop window in Szetendre, Hungary.
 a photograph i took of a cat by a brightly coloured house, i like how the black contrasted with the 3 other colours.
 This is a cat that just walked in to are house and made it his home.
 A Gigantic cat asleep but awaken by this boy a few seconds after the shot
 Dog and cat on a bench by the river bend
 Rusty in the cat tree 1
 A cat taking a comfortable pose under the car trying to beat the heat and hypnotise me with those eyes.
 cat in the window
 playing cat with water in the bath
 creepy black cat in front of our house on halloween.  that can't be good.
 This cat likes to be sitting at the highest point in the room at all times.
 Booger cat in sink
 My cat Elora, lounging on the couch at the Comfort Inn in Petoskey, Michigan.
 cat in the roof
 the cat finally broke the bowl while playing with a feather in it and tossed it off the table
 Tenerife cat on a Tenerife beach by Petar Stanev
 Next door's cat in the back garden's apple tree during this morning's snow.
 cat in hat
 me and my hat.....i remind ppl of the cat in the hat with that hat 
 cat currently living in the music building
 girl in the door meowing at the cat
 cat in the box
 our neighbor's cat makes himself comfortable in our cat tree
 cat in the kitchen
 cat drink water in gan meir tel aviv
 The cat likes sitting in the bath
 #tfb Another sample point in our "Where you put a cat bed a Spot will appear series."
 Iori in the cat basket
 Gordon Brown in bed with a fat cat outside the Bank of England
 Cat + dog on main street in the village
 SPAM carving...world's largest cat and xmas tree in line for pictures
 My cat Sherlock sleeping in the office chair while we decorate the Christmas Tree. 
 cat in window
 I thought it was cute that my cats wanted to play wih their toy mouse in their cat food.
 A cat in a sink .... this is an abomination!
 My cat in a tree
 Our cat Scooter in his paper jungle/fort
 My cat Sampson sleeping in Rylie's bed
 house cat in Japan
 Striped cat in the window
 Kiki in the cat tree
 cats in the cat tree
 The cat in the window
 my cat in MY fruit bowl
 I found cute stray cat in my front yard.
 Dallas in a cat hat
 this is our neighbour's cat sitting in our garden.
 A cat resting in the window
 my cat sleeping in MY BED but he looked pretty ok with it 
 Any material lying on the floor can be construed by a cat to be a mattress.
 another neighbor's cat is being watched  by the 'super k' street patrol
 ac newman and the broken west at the black cat in DC on 3/18
 cat in a hat
 the cat is in the bag
 Stained glass cat seen in the Ely Cathedral glass museum shop. 
 in cat bed
 cat in the box
 A cute cat near the sea
 White cat in window
 Black persian cat in big cardboard box
 A white cat all cuddled up trying to sleep on a bench in the noisy and bright void deck.
 Q-Lia frog pig cat bear stickers flakes in bag
 Just a random cat sitting in the grass but couldn't resist a shot!
 Our Christmas tree in the living room. Our cat Jingles is on the left.
 cat in a box (coiled position)
 cat in the hat
 cat in a box
 Blanca, the white tiger.  First time I've seen her out in the tiger habitat.  She is one beautiful cat.
 Black cat against the white curtains
 bullad... so cute yet so pangit .... she sleep in my bed like my other dogs and cats
 Yuki sitting by the window during a thunderstorm. Yuki is possibly one of the coolest and most playful cats ever :D
 Students &amp;amp; community came together to build dog &amp;amp; cat houses for pets in need in the local area.
 A little bird built her nest underneath the roof of my veranda this spring.  She hatched 4 babies. 
 Bird Running in water on beach near Monterey
 mr. and mrs. wright and mr. and mrs. van der hyde. not a bird in sight....
 An alkaline and hypersaline lake in California, United States that is a critical nesting habitat for several bird species.
 A family of four birds against the gray evening sky shows the feathers of the wing and the bending of the neck with the movement of the wings.
 Laval,Quebec,CanadaLook under the bird closely, what do you seeThe male tried to distract me by doing the injured bird .......... 
 A bird in the house
 bird in a tree
 Not quite sure what the name of this bird is........Saw while walking along the beach in Ocracoke, NC........ 
 The bird thinks it a favor to give the fish a lift in the air  - Rabindranath Tagore -
 A small collection of beach bird photographs taken between 2003 and 2006 in Indian Rocks Beach, Florida.
 New carpet coming next week, still need bird decal's and flower ceiling ornaments for above the crib.
 Camping in Dinosaur Provincial Park June 2009. A bird bathing on the sand bar in the middle of the little sandhill creek
 Two little dickie birds sitting in a tree!I've added a blue filter to this to make the photo a bit more interesting.
 Mysterious greyish bird with a red patch on the underside of its tail in the neem tree.
 This morning this beautiful bird past in front of my office window.
 I was trying to get the sun exactly behind the cross and building when the bird flew in at the right time!
 Platycercus elegans 32-36cmThe low light in the forest allowed the glowing bird to shine.
 bird nest in orchid box
 Our neighbors cat trying to get close to the birds in the tree
 black bird in mexico
 if you look closely, you will see the bird in the tree top.
 Walking the beach in the early morning I passed bird stalking the shallows.
 A beautiful flower and a beautiful bird- set against a clear sky- how can I not click!
 March 2009. Cute bird outside my motel window in El Paso.
 Local wading bird with large fish in its mouth
 This is a white spoonbill, in Dutch it's called &amp;quot;Lepelaar&amp;quot;. Even for South Africa a rare bird to see!
 DSC_7832_173939 - bird in tree
 Dead bird in river
 Silly bird likes to sit in candle holders, better watch out or you might get a hot lil bum!
 Toucan is a bird that lives in the rain forest of Central and South America
 Toucan is a bird that lives in the rain forest of Central and South America
 bird street and flower market, in hk
 a nest for a blue bird near the new chicken pen.
 A shoreline bird feeding in the water on the coast near Ocean Shores, Washington. (20090115_9672)
 A bird lording over the beach at Deception Pass State Park, Washington
 A busy river estuary in south Devon UK. I like the bird feeders.
 bird by the water
 Beautiful blue bird in Estes Park
 There are always birds sitting on this fence in the morning.
 bird in water
 A bird I saw in the moutains - there were lot's of em flying aroud us.
 little bird under the bridge
 Keep a green tree in your heart and perhaps a singing bird will come.
 a beautiful bird in a tree
 Female teenage black bird in our garden
 Bird gourd house in redbud tree
 bird in my window
 the bird in the sky
 sitting by the statue half lion galf man half bird
 The boys love to sit in the window and watch the birds in the red cedar trees.
 The state bird of Illinois, the Cardinal, hangs out on a tree in Scottsdale.
 another bird in a tree house
 Random chirping bird in a tree
 Closeup of a tiny bird in a tree
 White snow cat resting in the branch. Looks like he is watching my bird feeders.
 Sunset in Wolfeboro with a bird in the tree singing that Spring is arriving soon Wolfeboro NH
 Linda bird watching on the canoe trail in Robin's rental boat
 &amp;quot;Love is a green bird in a blue field in the fresh morning&amp;quot;LisbonSummer2009
 Wren - parent bird at nest box in my garden in St Albans
 Toucan is a bird that lives in the rain forest of Central and South America
 bird in tree
 Burial by the Yamuna river in Agra, India with Bharatpur bird
 A crack in the wall at the Sommerville train station.  It reminded me of a bird, perched on the railing.
 Baby bird in a box
 A little bird built her nest underneath the roof of my veranda this spring.  She hatched 4 babies. 
 bird on a tree in Costa Rica
 I like this bird and green bokeh in the background. 
 Mysterious greyish bird with a red patch on the underside of its tail in the neem tree.
 Taken in Paphos bird park, Cyprus. Shot through fence mesh
 whatever i'll just live in a bird house and forget about everything.
 this little bird head flew from the sky and fell just in front of my feet. 
 pagoda rabbit hutch in background to modernist bird house
 bird in a tree in my backyard , Dont know wat kind it is .
 This bird kept strutting around on the fence and I didn't seem to bother him one bit
 a bird sits on a half-sank boat in hithadhoo lagoon.
 heron @ bedford boating lake managed to just walk round lake to within about 10ft of bird was v.lucky !
 The coolest bird house in the history of bird houses
 I couldn't get a clear shot of this bird between the trees. He has a big fish in his claws!
 This is a bird called, Mejiro, it has white around the eyes. It is a protected bird in Japan.
 bird in a tree
 Caught this bird in the garden feasting on these yellow berries.
 This is of some birds perched on a rock near Seven Mile beach in Gerroa, NSW.
 baby blue tit leaving bird box in my garden
  Beautiful wedding arch, also in the photo bird cage table decoration.
 or Why you should not park under a popular bird tree
 A nice bird spotted by Glenn Walbek. This was a state bird for me.
 a little bird in a tree
 IMG_8960: Neat little bird that I found singing in my tree on Sunday afternoon.
 Keep a green tree in your heart and perhaps the singing bird will come
 traded to Tammy..  received the bird  &amp;amp; back ground paper in trade.. thank you.
 A pidgeon walking around eating some bird seeds that have fallen on the ground.
 bird in the sky 3
 wooden bird my father carved before being paralyzed by an aneurysm. 
 Bird cherry tree in the sky
 This poor bird is lost and building a nest at Luckie Park in Twenty-nine Palms.
 A Pileated Woodpecker at ground level during my bird walk at Point Defiance Park in Tacoma today
 A bird box in my Garden
 Detailed shot of the bird bath in our far bed.
 At the bird market next to the bus station in Riobamba.
 I met another keen bird watcher by the lake
 black skimmers flying over the shore birds
 bird in a tree
 When the distressed bird started calling, other anhingas around the lake took up the call.
 this bird was looking over the lake for fish to prey on
 This little lady bird was crawling around on some driftwood on the beach
 The light was very harsh at the photoshoot. Not a cloud in the sky and the birds were in full sun. 
 i was given a bag of bird bones. found during a loft conversion of a house somewhere in wiltshire.
 Trellick tower in clear skies with bird flying by
 A friendly neighborhood blue bird helping himself to the bugs in the yard.
 This bird was sitting dirrectly outside my window and I took a few pictures in a hurry.
 The slough was like glass on this bird hunt near Skamokawa Washington.
 Cardinal with blue bird in flight behind him
 This is a bird that was in a pond near lake tahoe.
 A little bird in the mountain
 I spotted a flock of these small and noisy birds in a tree at one of the entrances to the Southampton Common.
 A molting yellow bird in the pretty yellow flowers at the Indianapolis Zoo.
 the bird on the right tried to eat the flower in Karen's hair, so we took the flower, then it tried to eat her hair.
 This bird of prey was in a tree at the Webb memorial park in Weymouth, MA
 Love the song sky line pidgeon by Elton John. This bird kinda reminds me of that song. 
 A bird nesting in the lake around Southmere Park in Thamesmeaed, South East London.
 A bird in the shadows (a canary, I'm told) was feasting on these red blossoms.
 Large bird on water front in the morning. 
 this bird drinks from a cup of nectar hand delivered by myself and my daughter
 This little rock squirrel stands look out below the bird feeder at the school, Big Springs Ranch, Real Co. Tx.
 A photo of a willow ptarmigan along the road in Denali National Park, Alaska. This is the state bird of Alaska.
 Twitter bird in a chair
 A cute bird bath at the Live Oak Cemetary in Walterboro, SC.
 bird in the sky
 Solo bird in sky setting sun - Nikon D300
 A male cardinal at the bird feeder by the back porch, February 2011.
 a dancing tweety bird on a small 1kg cake frosted in buttercream.
 A tiny bird and a plant dancing in golden dawn
 A beautiful bird at Asilomar beach near Pacific Grove.
 Female Cardinal in the bird bath
 Very Big Bird in a white sky background, looks like a hat in his head and what a nice hair he got.
 Lemon Meringue cupcakes baked in white foil baking cups wrapped with bird theme cupcake wrappers.
 8&amp;quot;x8&amp;quot; on wood. work in progress of a bird in the new moon, made of torn paper collage.
 Pretty bird by lake has line or string wound around its foot
 bird over the lake
 bird in the sky 4
 I found the dead bird on traffic road in Okinawa.
 This cat has taken over the bird table !
 An aggressive Coot walking around in the bird park in Handen scaring all the ducks!
 This is of a bird flying above water.... see.... its flying. The blue below it is water.  
 Kolkata bird in tree
 People in a nearby office building with a bird's eye view of the crowd.
 andrew bird at barack rock benefit in brooklyn, ny. 
 365 Up in in the air junior bird girl
 While in Islamorada we stopped at a small boat dock area where we saw this bird looking for food. 
 Chicory flower growing by the deck's steps. Planted by a bird or came with the bird seed we feed them.
 a  huming bird on display for the show in show window
 If I keep a green bough in my heart, the singing bird will come. Chinese Proverb 
 Black bird with red and yellow stripe caught in mid screech - on tree branch with white blue and greed backdrop
 Female Ladderback Woodpecker at the bird blind in Pedernales Falls State Park near Johnson City, TX.
 bird in tree
 This bird was eating sourdough outside the Boudin Bakery in SF.
 a young bird fallen down by his tree and not able to fly yet
 a bird i saw flying over heard...shot it quick before it got to far away....and i mean with a camera
 This spotted dove is a common bird in Singapore. This one was from the Botanic Gardens...&lt;b&gt;Have a nice week ahead!&lt;/b&gt;
 Very elusive bird - was pretty hard to spot him in the morning light amongst the water hyacinths.Kumarakom Bird SanctuaryKerala
 bird in a tree
 red bird hidden in tree
 Red-wing black bird eggs on a artificial tree island in Loxahatchee National Wildlife Refuge.
 Migratory birds flying in the evening sky at Kapissi beach, Gwadar
 One of the bird paper bag puppets, made by a child at Sheffield Childrens Hospital
 mysterious lady in blue with bird
 dead bird in side the abandoned county house near creston flickr outing july this summer
 This Blue tit was one of the birds that visited the tree in front of the balkony of our house  in Switzerland. 
 bird sitting waiting for a fish to catch by bigshoot1966
 bird in river
 birds are ready for the night on this tree in Kastoria 's lake
 Some birds in a tree outside the front door of a place we stayed in while on holiday (Queensland, Australia).
 Young male Regent Bowerbird, early morning called with a bird-sounder...This is a wild bird living in the National Park..
 The great bird in the sky
 so ... we walked ... we bird walked and stanky legged... and we still had energy to rock out in da studio :)
 Shot of a bird flying over the lawn at the condo in Maui
 2009 - A black bird sits on top of a small hill of dirt in the Fort Rosecrans Cemetery.
 birds flying over the river
 Airbus A340-300The&amp;quot;Koblenz&amp;quot;.Some sortaJazz bird landing in thedistance. And I can't identify the red plane, either.
 Aunt Elsie and Kelsey walking to put the bird's nest in a tree
 This bird is eating the frog by its head lol :/
 Pink birds in tulips or green paper sacks or I don't even know!
 CG67 Galapagos - Los Gemelos - curious red bird near mayor
 This wall of colorful bird houses and gekos runs along a back dirt road  in Randsburg, Ca.  
 There is a bird bath under that snow somewhere.
 bird in tree
 A panel in the wall depicting the national bird of India.Location: Chenna Keshava Temple, Somnathapura, Karnataka, India
 bird in Rowans hat
 black bird in bird case
 Photo of a bird party on a local wire with a yellow crown added in PS.
 &amp;quot;Fat bird&amp;quot; cloud flying over Seattle
 bird in water
 bird house in the garden
 The biggest bird in the sky
 bird in the house
 bird resting on cable in front of house
 I caught this bird flying near the partially eclipsed Sun from a beach near Shanghai on July 22, 2009.
 Such alot of time waiting by the open window with the blind down  watching these amazing birds.
 The bird market in Yogyakarta.  Bird flu, anyone
 Is there a bird in the house
 Tayinloan is a village on the western coast of the peninsula of Kintyre in Scotland.The bird is a Pied Wagtail (&amp;quot;Motacilla alba&amp;quot;)
 A bird cage on the street in Ipanema
 Texas 9-banded armadillo sippin' from the bird bath in the back yard.
 The eggs and the mom bird that have taken residence in my wife's hanging flower pot.
 This was a bird sculpture near Bimbo's in SF. I love the red yarn....
 just turned around from the bird and found a different glance on the hollywood sign which i thought i should share
 While on a birding field trip this strange looking bird flew over our group but sounded more like a bee!
 newspaper clippings from 1937 I found in my grandma's bird book I inherited
 blue bird in pac grove
 a bleached bird in front of dark brown mud.  really makes the igrit jump out of the photo
 bird in the roof
 woman with fruit and flowers protected by bird angels
 This bird would go all the way in the bag to get the popcorn out.
 A common bird in Botswana.  I like its orange eye and spiky-looking breast feathers.
 A cute bird house in the Eco Village.
 yellow grey bird in tree
 spot the bird in the budding tree - looks best as a larger image
 Perky bird nesting in a box right near the store at Neal's Lodge, Frio River.
 Birds in a cage. Photo taken at the bird market in Antwerp which takes place every Sunday morning.
 Pink bird in the shade of tree
 A small little bird in its next to an egg. They were in a tree in my front yard.
 Captured air bubbles clinging to pine needles, frozen in the bird bath water
 A dead bird along the crease of a sidewalk in Savannah, Georgia 11x14 Black Matte and Frame 60.00
 Beautiful black bird in Cancun
 bird in the window
 Little bird in a tree
 bird street and flower market, in hk
 I heard a bird at dawn singing sweetly on a tree ill by Winifred Bromhall
 Bird's Barbershop off Burnet Rd, I love the stickers all over the table video game stand. Austin, Texas.
 bird in tree
 Samut Prakarn - view from bird watching tower in park
 Snake god quitzalcoatl ( Snake god with wings like a bird and worshipped in america area)  Appearing in sky in 20o9
 bird from trip to Puffin Billie train in Dandenong Mountains Victoria.
 Cesno. I chose his boat because he appeared weathered and wise. Skilled in nautics, cigarette smoking, and bird identification.
 bird in a circle on a pole
 bird in magnolia tree
 Took a walk on the beach this Thanksgiving and saw this cute little bird by the water.
 Vintage, faceted, lucite pendant charm in vibrant red, tiny floral brass flower charm, brass bird connector, vintage brass chain.
 A bird flying around Fort Jefferson on Garden Key in the Dry Tortugas National Park.
 strange bird in the tree
 A bird in the water
 Frankie flying the bird while Jessie looks on in shock
 Our last day in Honolulu, Kryan, Shirley, and I decided to get some realHawaiian Food.Chieh--tree and leaf and bird and bear and fish
 red bird in pine tree with snow
 bird in a tree
 police horse attacked by bird
 Another bird in tree
 We're here in Umatac for the Discovery Day festivities: greasy pig toss, carabou (water buffalo) and dog races etc..
 I believe a bear was in the box taking to be hanged!
 Your not seeing things, that's Nora and a teddie bear in a chicken costume sitting in a blowup yellow duck.
 Taku Lake Lodge, 2 female black bears fighting over a cub
 person in bear suit
 DH built a bear for Stanley at Build-a-Bear, asking the girl to stuff little catnip sachets in its paws.
 One of the village lasses cools feet in the river while her herd dog keeps an eye out for bears.
 bear in tree
 bear face in a place
 Face-up and dress by mewig and bear :dollmoreshoes:luts
 There's a black bear in there....I promise.
 Many government building in canada bear the official government of canada logo you see here.  This building belongs to the Department of Defense.
 I thought it was cute that he was laying beside my bear so I had to get a pic.
 A black bear moving across Yellowstone and eating bugs on the downed tree trunks in Yellowstone.
 Sitting in the bear chair that was his mommy's when she was a baby!!
 bear in blue ridge
 In a sign warning against road rage, an angry car bears down on a little girl at play.
 female European brown bear Ursus arctos in a forest in Dinaric Mts. Slovenia
 Boys christening cake in blue and white with teddy bear topper and sugarpaste foot prints, rabbit, puppy, train and stars
 Brown bear in the water
 Fall color in full swing, bear is eating rose hips along the roadside.
 Young woman in yellow dress holds toy bear cub in city park.
 This wolf, the foxes and bears as well as the big pine tree were made by Jalutoys and boy are they beautiful! 
 caterpillar in bear mountain
 This little Victorian bear is sitting in a vintage washbowl that I placed in a metal plant stand.
 Forever Friends bear sitting in his garden relaxing with a cup of tea. 
 pics of boyfriend bear laying in spring grass the other day. :]lazy sundays. mmmm
 bear on a door in a diffrent secret warehouse that only a few people have been inside!!!
 Teddy bear with gold bow and blue panties in the abandoned house on the Wright Property near Rerdell, Florida.
 Gypsy hated being sprayed at the carnival. She looks like the bear from Dr. Seuss's book &amp;quot;Put Me in the Zoo&amp;quot;.
 The black object behind the trees is a bear that had just walked across the road in front of us.
 black bear in Jasper
 Bears move across road in front of our car. Closest I have been to a bear in nature...
 A black bear eating dandelions near the ranch. 
 Bonkers the black bear caught the ball during the bear presentation at Discovery Wildlife Park in Innisfail, Alberta, Canada.
 Cow has to dress like little girl to drink cows milk bought by bears from somewhere that sells bears milk in boxes.
 pops crossing bear creek in bob marshall on horse
 under the table with cheer bear
 teddy bear trapped in a cup waves at you
 Young black bear under blue tarp
 bear seat mural in chestnut hill
 Panda bear sleeping in a hammock at the San Diego Zoo
 talking to my haribo gummy bear before bed in HK
 One of a serie of pictures taken of a cute little brown bear in Skansen, Stockholm
 avi bear in black mountain nc
 Teddy bear tree hand made by me and my husband
 bear cupcakes in box
 We just drived from build a bear in Kolding, Denmark. The person is my little brother and &amp;quot;Bamse&amp;quot;. 
 Black bear cub playing in water with stick in Grand Teton National Park.  By Travis Wooten
 One of the Columbus Zoo's brown bears playing in the water in their new exhibit. 
 Adult male grizzly bear, photographed from the road in Yellowstone National Park.
 I put on this bear hat at the house show in Seattle's University District on October 3rd, 2007.
 bear in the tree
 the view above bear lake, rocky mountain national park
 J passed out on the floor with Geary the bear in front of the fireplace.  He's a tuckered puppy.
 10 week old grizzly bear rescued by the animal loving folks at Tiger World
 Pro slide into first by the blue spotted bear. 
 A zookeeper was standing outside the Polar Bear enclosure, throwing fish that the polar bear would catch in its mouth.
 Brother bear in fur hat
 mosaic floor in bear shema
 the bear is in the house
 All about bears: I'm going on a bear hunt; Goldilocks and the three bears; Ten in a bed
 and another bear swimming out in the lake
 Q-Lia frog pig cat bear stickers flakes in bag
 bathing in some water fall, close to the bear mountain, upstate ny
 Our last day in Honolulu, Kryan, Shirley, and I decided to get some realHawaiian Food.Chieh--tree and leaf and bird and bear and fish
 Two brown bear cubs in Port Moller, Alaska.
 This crazy dog was jumping up and down at the tree and running all around
 my sister's dog Diva in the car
 Cow dog in my kitchen
 This is my friend taking a nap in my sleeping bag with our friend's dog for company. 
 This boy wandered over. Our dog in the background.
 This dog and his owner were having fun on the beach by the Thames at London's South Bank.
 man walks dog in black and white
 dog and cat in tel aviv jews side
 A gorgeous butterfly stopped by to check out dog park progress on 8-6-08.
 Wife walking dog by Horshoe Lake.
 For thanksgiving we had a few friends over for dinner.Stacey had to dress up the poor poopy dog for Thanksgiving.
 she laughs in the face of cameraShes a pom cross a few other species. Tiny thing.My aunts dog
 My dog lets herself into the house and wanders around as she pleases
 like a dog in a small white box
 The little monkey dog digging for vermin down by the bay.
 todd stepped in some dog poo at the dudes' house thanksgiving 2006
 dog in car
 Man and dog enjoy the sunny day under a beach parasol 
 kasouga beach dog with brick in mouth
 Alix is a female golden retriever and a service dog in training.Picture taken by her foster family. 
 Dogs sleeping in the shadow of a huge rock
 Doodling after walking my dog one evening. graphite pencil in EDM sketchbook
 dog barking beside the road
 Dog bowl in street
 Burning the old dog house behind Chris' house on Hillandale Drive in Nashport, Ohio.
 my dog running and playing in the grass
 One of the village lasses cools feet in the river while her herd dog keeps an eye out for bears.
 Motorists and a dog converge near a road block on Highway 299, closed due to wildfires. 6/27/08
 Boy, girl and dog in snow, Floragatan 3, Stockholm, Sweden
 me in my dog grooming shop with my cute poodle, pheobe and regular client, ebony.
 dog in a cat bed!
 Cute dog in someone's house
 You can't see him - but this guy was flying with a small dog in his lap
 A boy and his dog in San Marcos, Guerrero
 Gracie reading her new book in the dog's bed
 Had Tara's dog over for the weekend.He is tuckered out after running around all day Saturday.  
 Alix is a female golden retriever and a service dog in training.Picture taken by her foster family. 
 Two people in a tub with a dog and a duck
 Alert dog in the window spots us in SF.
 my deep red fu dog :3i bought him from a little shop in Chinatown that was closing :(
 running around, in the woods, in the rain, will tucker out any dog
 Rare cheetah dog on beach in boracay, Philippines
 A dog in the morning on the beach
 Colors, after getting chased up the tree by the dog
 &amp;quot;My goal in life is to be as good of a person as my dog already thinks I am.&amp;quot; 
 Our hyper dog. Debating jumping into the river....knowing full well she could get the duck in the distance. 
 A man washes his dog in Acupe, Brazil as the water rose
 Hot dog in a vending machine
 dog just crossed over the water on a single bamboo pole
 my snake killa in my liil bro toby the cute dog
 HPIM0661.JPG man and dog awed by lake erie spring sunset
 Our guide dog puppy in training and our boston jack russell mix sitting together
 toilet sign in Macau for dog bathroom
 taking the dog for a swim in kings lake
 Brazil, rio de janeiro, vermelha beach, man giving water to dogs sitting on post, sugarloaf mountain in background
 Pluto's dog house and food bowl in Mickey's backyard
 This lone dog on the beach is having dog fun at Fleet Peeples Dog Park near Orlando.
 Sage was peering around the tree at me while I was walking in the woods with the dogs.
 A fruit and hot dog stand by my house.
 A black dog resting on the sidewalk in front of the Caboose Cafe & Bakery.
 Scooter the dog packed in truck to go camping.
 Dundas Plowing Match &amp;amp; Agricultural Fair - dog waiting patiently in the truck
 On a shoot in CT. Dottie the dog at the house were filming atSent via crackberry
 Man and dog looking in window of empty shop
 photo safari in the sunshine.found this house in the wood, and liked the wiev, also the dog luying on the ground
 dog in pickup truck
 Alix is a female golden retriever and a service dog in training.Picture taken by her foster family. 
 dog in basket
 Leanne by Pam's dog house (8810)
 Tucker dog got to be in two pictures today because of his sleeping locations. This was just cute!
 big (prairie) dog in the sky
 Julie wearing a hot dog hat she saw at a gift shop at Navy Pier in Chicago
 Adding an additional dog door and pen in the garage.   Sawing brick is not a fun item.
 one of the few cats i saw here.  i think the massive dog population kept the cat population under control.  
 sitting in papa's chair with nana's lap dog!!
 Chris Lester and her dog Sparky standing in the mud at the Kensington Kinetic Sculpture Derby in Philadelphia. May 17, 2008
 Blue taking a nap in his new inside dog house in HIS own bedroom.
 This dog was in the truck next to us when we were on the ferry in Galveston, TX.
 A dog barks in the front basket of a bicycle. Berlin, Germany/Deutschland, Europe. 12/09/2010.
 Friendly dog in Karacakoy, Black Sea coast of Turkey
 sleeping dog in delhi
 looks like this might have been RCA building you can still see the RCA dog in the stained glass window
 Daniel with his dog Lady in open green grass.
 Snap and Sarah in the dog truck
 Lacey my foster dog retrieving ball in my 'backyard'.
 dog in a boat
 Toy dog tied to a sign advertising a pet shop in Brighton.Taken with Panasonic 20mm f1.7 lens on Panasonic G1.
 Boy and dog in "yacht" basket
 65 pounds of dog in a little ball
 Alix is a female golden retriever and a service dog in training.Picture taken by her foster family. 
 Brown Pelican with the dog beach in the background.  At the mouth of the San Diego River Channel. January 2009
 The dead cherry trees' logs are piled up by the fence and dog runs.
 A dog separated from its master was sitting in the Jiefangbei square
 He rode up in his train filled with bags of cash, though his dog had just run away with his tophat.
 a girl and her dog in summer
 dog in office
 sleeping dog in a bagit was adorable so i need to capture.
 dixie, aka petunia, the cutest girl dog in the world
 casual black dog ceiling inspections by a man in black.
 A dog desperate for water in Mamallapuram , India
 Dad and son in sled with his dog
 dogs under yellow dog
 house dog wrapped in bacon with chili, coleslaw &amp;amp; jalapenos
 His owner was swimming in the water behind me.  Caught a quick shot before the dog ran at me.
 He is in Bella's dog bed and has grown so much.
 The dog would jump in the truck anytime we were gonna go somwhere it was funny.
 in the dog house
 We stayed at this dog friendly bed and breakfast inn in Vermont
 My favorite chair as a foster dog is now my favorite napping spot in my forever home!
 My Husband-to-be, my Maid-of-Honor, my dog and my cat kickin' it in my bed!
 Students &amp;amp; community came together to build dog &amp;amp; cat houses for pets in need in the local area.
 Alix is a female golden retriever and a service dog in training.Picture taken by her foster family. 
 2-09 O in dog bed copy
 tree fell in our yard... on the side in dog penn Drew / Rylie
 And yet one more of the black dog in the snow ;*) 
 pumpkin bowling and in the dog house
 this is my dog, Chase, on the beach by my house
 Our dog was awake the whole time by the window since last nite.
 Looking down the street near central park after eating hot dogs and pretzels.
 at the pizza place, where they don't look twice at a tiny dog in a bag
 cute dog in shopping mall
 Cute dog we are dog-sittingPublished in Capture My Utah book by MediaOne
 White dog in red truck
 Fishing boat on the beach in Albufeira Algarve Portugal with dog lying in the lee of the boat out of the sun
 Cody asleep in Kirstyns dog sleeping bag.
 I put my dog teddy in a fish hat when he was a sleep
 girl and dog in Rousseau painting
 summer, sunday afternoon, everyone else outside, just the dog snoring under the table and the clock ticking...
 my computer was being evil - and smallworlds was going cRaZy.everybody was dressed up in noob clothes and my dog had no body.
 On many weekdays, I see this dog just sitting in the driveway.
 Stray dog sleeping near the Galata Tower, Istanbul. July 2006.
 dog in dress shop
 A guide dog sitting besides a blind lady, clicked on a metro in Barcelona
 Funkiest car I ever saw... the dog in the background, I noticed it only after I imported the picture into Aperture...
 3 dog roses wired crystals in silver silk organza
 A friendly dog near the Leigh fish 'n' chip shop.
 Sygma-Keystone-Paris 1989. Postcard I received in 1992. It just doesn't seem right that a cat is pushing a dog :-)
 Pix: Tiny dog leashed to bus shelter in town
 We're here in Umatac for the Discovery Day festivities: greasy pig toss, carabou (water buffalo) and dog races etc..
 Dog sleeping at the bar in Corfu' town !
 A Chihuahua dog in a pet shop's window box
 my dog in the wild garlic in the woods over my road
 interesting tree i spotted while my mother and i walked around in the woods with the dogs
 nice chair in dog eared books
 Beautiful collie dog seen whilst walking in Angmering Woods in Sussex
 A dog in the &amp;quot;Cuesta de las Arremangadas&amp;quot; street
 I'm a black black dog in the black black world.
 Old Crow dog in the truck box
 My dog observing people while I was taking him out in the park near my house
 Actually, the ball is in my lap, where he's looking.  I can't get this dog to sit still.  Ever.
 it caused quite a stir in the neighborhood when our new neighbors had their dog house delivered.
 Day 117, April 26: A sign at the dog park in East Lansing.
 A dog sitting in a chair.Taken in a very remote mountain village in Oaxaca, Mexico.
 A sleeping dog on one of the cenotaphs in Ahar.  Perhaps he was a maharajah in a past life.
 dog in basket
 Great Grandmas chair with her cat and black dog in it. 
 Julia in dog bed
 Lying in bed dog in forground   Original Filename: 83815952.jpg
 A sleeping dog in Santorini, Greece
 ok so this is just a feather left by a chicken that my dog chased away.
 Fled to a tree to escape folks walking their dogs, so he could eat in peace...
 A dog in the cloud
 Ceramic dog sculpture with built in candle
 This boy had a bad day as a dog attacked him earlier and he was still upset by it.
 Bradley, me, Justin, Murray.  This was at Justin's step-aunt's house in New Jersey.  Great kid, great dog . . . great times.
 An old truck in a dog sled camp in the Yukon.
 dog and boy in motion
 trying to shot a black dog in the night, the flicker remained open for about a minute
 Fat dog in a little chair
 Downtown Seattle in February hear are some great sounding street performers, and some cute dogs!
 A dog in the &amp;quot;Cuesta de las Arremangadas&amp;quot; street
 Some cyber dog character on a fast-food table in Seoul, summer 2007.
 Drooley dog on a picnic table in Lower Sherbourne park
 Typical truck loaded up on the road in Afghan.  Notice the dog up top.  Afghans usually treat dogs like crap.
 the dog that belong to the family i work for likes running in the snow... camera ixus 60
 German Shepard Dog; Stacy sleeping in the yard with our white rabbit
 this dog looked like a fish in the face.
 Sat 14 Aug, 2004 - 10:22:46 AMNathans souvenier cup shaped like a hot dog in middle 
 Melissa in dog house
 Note the dog asleep in the guitar case, the Che Guevara sticker on the guitar, and the tambourines strapped to her shoes. Delightful.
 83/365 dog in a singles bar window...
 Dogs sitting on the ground in the metro line 4 / Frankfurt
 fish eye playin by dog seat
 Dog and cat on a bench by the river bend
 The international sign for no dog poop allowed is rather elegant and well spoken in German...
 cute dog by black dog on oak bluff beach
 The Hollywood sign from the dog park by Hollywood Lake.  This is the best view I know of to view the sign
 The dog kept on running cirlces around us till his owner called him back
 Boris in the dog bowl
 One happy dog playing in the water
 medium sized dog in tiny bed
 This was outside Filip's house in Annapolis. He has a couple of cute little dogs.
 The oatmeal dog in pursuit of Spike & the ball
 Rafferty - Red dog in purple field
 Cat + dog on main street in the village
 and the black dog in the background
 dog and flag in a melon field
 fish food for the monster trout in the pond  looked just like the food my dog eats!
 pretty spot in forest park - unknown dog 
 ....brand new luggage under the bus and I am relegated to the &amp;quot;Upper Bunk&amp;quot; of this highway dog....... 
 John Fox reaching over display case to check out what brand of hot dog is in the box !
 A dog sanctuary on a mountain in a former artillery post
 my dog skippy in the window seat
 Mana.  A dog that lived in the house on 192 Valley Vista Ln, Boulder, CO
 small dog sitting in shop window
 This dog was sniffing around under the train at Saynshand.
 Elephant swim the dog we figured was keeping them in the water and away from us.
 in heat male dog
 Copenhagen street slice.[The dog is in the basket]
 [CGM] [FAUN] dog getting hit in the nuts with a tennis ball
 No retouching here, just a really black dog with really brown eyes on a really white sheet in front of a really big window
 Chubby in the office after getting into yet another fight with street dogs
 The juxaposition of a sports car in the mountains.  Oh, and dog in the cabin.
 De hond was niet van ons onder de indruk.The dog was not impressed by us.
 Funny dog in side car
 blue in upward facing dog
 Amazing cake captures his high school memories of drinking beer in the barn, drunk dog included.
 DO NOT:&amp;gt;&amp;gt; Squeeze the penguins.&amp;gt;&amp;gt; Dress penguins in bottle or glass costumes.&amp;gt;&amp;gt; Look at the dogs.&amp;gt;&amp;gt; Start fires.
 that dog is so eager to cross the street... near Haight and Ashbury, SF, CA
 Fiona dwarfed by a miniature dog bed
 my dog aubrey,she likes to be lazy and lay all over the house
 A window cleaner's dog in Canterbury. The dog is not happy, though quite festive.
 a dog digging in his bed
 A guy washing his dog at a car wash in Clintonville.
 My dog miles and me on the beach in Frisco NC
 We pretty much hit a dog with a car by mistake, but find joy in cake
 Taking a photo opportunity of Pepper  whilst dog sitting over New Year
 Taken by Lottie age 6. This dog was enjoying the field as much as we were.
 Suzanne spends her spare time on the couch in her office with her dogs Feebee and Sam. Both of her dogs are rescues.
 The metal dog sign containing the microcache in Ueno Park
 bullad... so cute yet so pangit .... she sleep in my bed like my other dogs and cats
 Man and dog walking in the snow
 Students &amp;amp; community came together to build dog &amp;amp; cat houses for pets in need in the local area.
 a random dog on the street in new england.
